Okay guys, how you feeling?
Yeah?
Yeah.
Wanna do some more riding?
Not too tired?
No, I'm okay.
Brilliant.
We're gonna move on now to another part of the course
where we might go to somewhere that's potentially busier.
Big roundabout in the middle of town.
It's potentially got more traffic, faster moving traffic.
Okay, is that something
that you're feeling comfortable doing?
Yeah, I think I'll be alright with that.
Yeah? Good.
What about you, Farrah?
I'm a little bit uncertain.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Just because how busy it is.
How busy it is.
It will be a little bit busier,
but you've done brilliantly so far,
so, if you remember some of the road positions
that we've done and remember do lots of looking,
we're well within our right to be there,
'cause we're traffic users as well, okay?
We'll stay together as a group.
I'll be with you the whole time
and we'll take it nice and steady.
Okay.
And if you ever got any worries or anything,
just let me know and we'll take it nice and slowly.
Fancy giving it a go?
Yeah.
Brilliant.
Let's go ride.
Okay.